readme.md, before:

# Dell R410 Fan controller

This python script reduces the noise of a Dell R410 server by controlling the fan speed with IPMI commands.

The original scrip was provided by marcusvb/r710-fancontroller on Github (Big thank you to Marcus)

The script was modified to run directly on a lightly loaded R410 running Ubuntu server with two L5640 processors.

Things changed:

1. Removed harddrive temperature check
2. Check CPU maximum temperature
3. Base CPU temperature settings on cpu Tcase rating (68 deg C for L5640)
4. Script runs directly on server instead of on a remote machine

It's recommended to install this script via systemd, see the `.service` file provided. You can install it as follows:

```
# Place the service file in the systemd directory
nano /etc/systemd/system/fan-controller.service

# Make executable
chmod 644 fan-controller.service

# Place the python file in the root/scripts directory
nano /root/scripts/fan.py

# Make executable
chmod 644 fan.py

# Reload systemd, enable the service and start it.
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl enable fan-controller.service
systemctl start fan-controller.service

# Check to see if it's running
service fan-controller status
```

This allows the script to be enabled at boot.

This script is provided as is. I am not responsible for any damage done to your server. See the license for more information.

By perryclements on Github.

Commit message:

add Dell OpenManage installer for Proxmox VE

readme.md, after:

# Tools for Dell PowerEdge R410

Scripts and utilities for a Dell PowerEdge R410 running Proxmox VE.

## Fan controller

Reduces noise by controlling the fan speed with IPMI commands. Based on [perryclements/r410-fancontroller](https://github.com/perryclements/r410-fancontroller).

### Installation

Run `install-fan.sh` or follow instructions below. Should work on any Debian-based OS.

```bash
# Install prerequisites
apt install ipmitool lm-sensors

# Place the service file in the systemd directory
cp fan/fan-controller.service /etc/systemd/system/fan-controller.service

# Make executable
chmod 644 /etc/systemd/system/fan-controller.service

# Place the Python file in the root/scripts directory
cp fan/fan.py /root/scripts/fan.py

# Make executable
chmod 644 /root/scripts/fan.py

# Reload systemd, then enable the service and start it
systemctl daemon-reload
systemctl enable fan-controller.service
systemctl start fan-controller.service

# Check to see if it's running
service fan-controller status
```

## Dell OpenManage installer for Proxmox VE 7.x

Installs Dell OpenManage on a Proxmox VE server, based on [this guide](https://forum.proxmox.com/threads/dell-openmanage-on-proxmox-6-x.57932/). Written for Proxmox VE 7.x, but may work on other Debian-based distros.

To install, run `install-ome.sh`.
